Mom.
Oh, you're finally home.
Then I hate you. What are you going to do?
He just left.
Are you sick?
Or you'll die.
Nam Nam, let's go.
Right.
Are you sick?
If you get sick, you die.
Qingdao Dragon Boat
Child.
Child, what do you want to do?
I'll go find him.
Young Child, your enemy has not yet reported.
You can't do anything stupid, don't worry.
Your brother kicked your mother and son out of that house.
And I've investigated.
Pay them, it costs 9,000 taels in total.
I will let them give it all back.
Only if the payment has not been agreed to part.
Go ahead.
Call me anytime if you have anything.
The Light
I bought you your favorite waffle cake.
Okay.
The hospital borrows your 9,000.
I'll find a way to return it to you.
Can you stop pursuing her responsibilities?
Let me let you go.
Sunny, I know you hate me
Whatever you do to me.
Could you please stop targeting Zhuren's mother and son?
They're really innocent.
Innocent.
What about An An?
An An deserves to die, right?
You have children.
Do you know how hard it is to be natural?
You ask him to return the money now.
Didn't you force him to die?
All those who harm An An, I will not forgive anyone.
Mom
How can you become like this?
Haha.
But mine doesn't know yet.
You will see my true wickedness immediately.
This time
You have to keep watch, it's okay.
And tell them.
We have to hide it.
Without man-made disasters
When did you fall into their heads?
You, you have to go.
Dear, have you been visiting An An for so long?
When you dream of peace at midnight
Won't you feel guilty?
The last time I called you, did you ever think it would be the last time?
Before An goes
Call me.
An An said
next life
He wants to change you.